 Corrector Diffusion (CorrDiff) US GEFS-HRRR model down-scales several surface and atmospheric variables from 25-km resolutionforecast data from the Global Ensemble Forecast System (GEFS) and predicts 3-kmresolution High-Resolution Rapid Refresh (HRRR) data.  CorrDiff US allows the prediction of high-fidelity stochastic weather phenomena overthe CONUS from low-fidelity input data that would otherwise require expensive regionalnumerical simulations. CorrDiff is a generative downscaling model trained over the contiguous United States (CONUS). This model is ready for commercial use. Architecture Type: Diffusion Network Architecture: Patch-Based Corrector Diffusion  Input Type(s): Input Format(s): NumPy Input Parameters: Other Properties Related to Input: Output Type(s): Tensor (8 Surface & Atmospheric Variables) Output Format: NumPy Output Parameters: 5D (batch, samples, variable, latitude, longitude)Other Properties Related to Output: The output is on a cropped window of the grid used by HRRR.Refer to the HRRR documentation for additional information on this grid.The output coordinates can be obtained from the corrdiff_output_lat.npy and corrdiff_output_lon.npyfiles in the model package. Runtime Engine(s): Not Applicable Supported Hardware Microarchitecture Compatibility:  Supported Operating System(s): Model version: v1   Link: GEFS  Data Collection Method by dataset  Labeling Method by dataset  Properties (Quantity, Dataset Descriptions, Sensor(s)):GEFS data for the date range of 2020/12/02 to 2023/12/31. The Global Ensemble Forecast System (GEFS) is a weather model created by the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) that generates 21 separate forecasts (ensemble members) to address underlying uncertainties in the input data such limited coverage, instruments or observing systems biases, and the limitations of the model itself.  Link: HRRR  Data Collection Method by dataset  Labeling Method by dataset  Properties (Quantity, Dataset Descriptions, Sensor(s)):HRRR data for the date range of 2020/12/02 to 2023/12/31. The HRRR is a NOAA real-time 3-km resolution, hourly updated, cloud-resolving, convection-allowing atmospheric model, initialized by 3km grids with 3km radar assimilation.  Link: GEFS  Data Collection Method by dataset  Labeling Method by dataset  Properties (Quantity, Dataset Descriptions, Sensor(s)):GEFS data for the date range of 2024/01/01 to 2024/07/31. The Global Ensemble Forecast System (GEFS) is a weather model created by the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) that generates 21 separate forecasts (ensemble members) to address underlying uncertainties in the input data such limited coverage, instruments or observing systems biases, and the limitations of the model itself.  Link: HRRR  Data Collection Method by dataset  Labeling Method by dataset  Properties (Quantity, Dataset Descriptions, Sensor(s)):HRRR data for the date range of 2024/01/01 to 2024/07/31. The HRRR is a NOAA real-time 3-km resolution, hourly updated, cloud-resolving, convection-allowing atmospheric model, initialized by 3km grids with 3km radar assimilation.  Engine: Triton Test Hardware: NVIDIA believes Trustworthy AI is a shared responsibility and we have establishedpolicies and practices to enable development for a wide array of AI applications.When downloaded or used in accordance with our terms of service, developers should workwith their supporting model team to ensure this model meets requirements for therelevant industry and use case and addresses unforeseen product misuse.For more detailed information on ethical considerations for this model, please see theModel Card++ Explainability, Bias, Safety & Security, and Privacy Subcards here.Please report security vulnerabilities or NVIDIA AI Concerns here. Copyright© 2025 NVIDIA Corporation